What did you drive?
Is Mr. Zhang Fan here?
To see a doctor
Oh, uncle, is it you?
How are the legs?
As soon as our community says
Your legs are really good.
Some fish seem a little expensive.
But the fish is bigger than you this time.
Don't say it
You don't say a good painting, just look at it and you'll understand
What you said makes sense.
Then I'll sell it to your dad.
It will be placed tomorrow. It really needs to be more convenient.
No no no no
Not even the pulse
Mom
You uncle
Come to the doctor and say nothing
Don't ask anything
You don't even want to feel your pulse
How do you speak?
Chinese medicine pays attention to looking, hearing and asking
number one
Wow, you can't even practice well.
Right?
How can you practice well?
Aren't you making things difficult for people?
If you don't want to see a doctor, you can go home as soon as possible.
How do you say it?
Your lady trust me